c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\LoggerBusiness.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\LoggerBusiness.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\obj\Debug\LoggerBusiness.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\obj\Debug\LoggerBusiness.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\angel-pc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\LoggerBusiness\LoggerBusiness\obj\Debug\LoggerBusiness.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
